---
layout: '@/layouts/MDXPageLayout.astro'
title: Privacy Policy
---

# Privacy Policy for BlackPortal

_Effective Date: 01/12/2025_

At BlackPortal, we value your privacy and are committed to protecting your
personal information. This Privacy Policy outlines how we collect, use, and
safeguard information from our users. By using this website, you agree to the
practices described in this policy.

## 1. Information We Collect

We may collect the following types of information:

Personal Information: Name, email address, or other details you provide when
contacting us, subscribing to newsletters, or creating an account (if
applicable).

Non-Personal Information: Technical data such as IP addresses, browser types,
operating systems, and usage data collected through cookies or analytics tools.

## 2. How We Use Your Information

We use the information we collect for the following purposes:

To improve the website’s content and functionality. To respond to user inquiries
or feedback. To send updates, newsletters, or notifications (only if you
opt-in). To analyze traffic patterns and enhance user experience.

## 3. Cookies and Tracking Technologies

We use cookies and similar technologies to:

Recognize and remember your preferences. Analyze how users interact with our
website. Improve website performance and usability. You can manage or disable
cookies through your browser settings, but doing so may affect your experience
on our site.

## 4. How We Share Your Information

We do not sell, rent, or trade your personal information to third parties.
However, we may share information in the following situations:

Service Providers: With trusted third-party providers to assist with website
operations (e.g., hosting, analytics).

Legal Obligations: When required by law or in response to valid legal requests.

## 5. Data Security

We implement appropriate security measures to protect your personal information
from unauthorized access, alteration, or disclosure. However, no method of
online transmission or storage is 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee absolute
security.

## 6. Third-Party Links

Our website may contain links to third-party websites. We are not responsible
for the privacy practices or content of these external sites. Please review
their privacy policies before sharing any personal information.

## 7. Your Rights

Depending on your location, you may have the following rights:

Access, correct, or delete personal information we hold about you. Opt-out of
receiving promotional communications. Restrict or object to the processing of
your data. To exercise these rights, contact us at
[@BlackPortal_AI](https://x.com/BlackPortal_AI).

## 8. Children’s Privacy

Our website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not
knowingly collect personal information from children. If we learn that we have
inadvertently collected such information, we will delete it promptly.

## 9. Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy periodically to reflect changes in our
practices or legal requirements. We encourage you to review this policy
regularly for updates. The "Effective Date" at the top indicates the latest
revision.

## 10. Contact Us

If you have any questions, concerns, or requests regarding this Privacy Policy,
please contact us at:

X: [@BlackPortal_AI](https://x.com/BlackPortal_AI)
