export const metadata = {
  title: 'Terms',
  description: 'BlackPortal Terms of Conduct',
};
export const dynamic = 'force-static';

export { withArticle as default } from 'fumadocs-ui/page';

# Terms of Conduct for BlackPortal

Welcome to BlackPortal! To maintain a respectful and productive environment, all
visitors, contributors, and users of this website are expected to adhere to the
following Terms of Conduct. By accessing or using this website, you agree to
these terms.

## 1. Respectful Behavior

Treat all users, contributors, and moderators with respect. Refrain from using
offensive, abusive, or discriminatory language. Avoid personal attacks or
inflammatory remarks in comments, discussions, or contributions.

## 2. Appropriate Use of Content

Use the content of this website in accordance with its intended purpose, which
is to share and disseminate accurate and helpful information. Do not post spam,
irrelevant links, or promotional material unrelated to the documentation or
discussions.

## 3. Accuracy and Integrity

Provide accurate, factual, and relevant information when contributing to the
website. Do not intentionally share false or misleading information.

## 4. Compliance with Laws

Ensure your contributions and interactions comply with applicable local,
national, and international laws. Avoid posting content that violates
intellectual property rights, privacy laws, or any other legal standards.

## 5. Constructive Collaboration

When suggesting edits or commenting on content, focus on providing constructive
feedback that helps improve the website. Respect the decisions of moderators and
administrators, and discuss disagreements civilly.

## 6. Prohibited Activities

The following activities are strictly prohibited: Posting or linking to
malicious software or harmful code. Harassment, doxing, or any behavior that
endangers the privacy or safety of others. Disrupting the functionality of the
website through hacking or other means.

## 7. Moderation and Enforcement

The moderators and administrators of this website have the right to edit,
remove, or restrict content or users who violate these Terms of Conduct.
Violations may result in warnings, temporary suspensions, or permanent bans
depending on the severity of the offense.

## 8. Privacy and Data Use

Respect the privacy of other users by not sharing their personal information
without consent. Review our [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy) for details on how
your data is handled.

## 9. Amendments

These Terms of Conduct may be updated periodically. Users will be notified of
significant changes, and continued use of the website constitutes acceptance of
the revised terms.

## 10. Contact Us

If you have questions or concerns regarding these Terms of Conduct, please reach
out to [@BlackPortal_AI](https://x.com/BlackPortal_AI).
